docs(common): Documentation for NET 8 compatibility (#1670)
telerik/blazor-docs: troubleshooting/general-issues.md

* [NuGet Feed Troubleshooting]({%slug troubleshooting-nuget%})
* [Upload Troubleshooting]({%slug upload-troubleshooting%})

## TelerikRootComponent is missing in .NET 8.0

> The latest UI for Blazor (4.6.0) provides [compatibility with .NET 8.0 RC 2]({%slug system-requirements%}#compatible-net-versions). This framework version [is not yet supported]({%slug system-requirements%}#supported-net-versions) and we do not recommend using our components in it until officially supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest UI for Blazor (4.6.0) provides [compatibility with .NET 8.0 RC 2]({%slug system-requirements%}#compatible-net-versions). This framework version [is not yet supported]({%slug system-requirements%}#supported-net-versions) and we do not recommend using our components with it until officially supported.
```

If you need to start testing with .NET 8.0 RC 2 at this stage, be aware of the following error you may hit when using the new [Blazor Web App template](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/asp-net-core-updates-in-dotnet-8-rc-1/#blazor-web-app-template-updates)

>warning Error: System.Exception: A Telerik component on the requested view requires a TelerikRootComponent to be added to the root of the MainLayout component of the app.

> The root cause for this is a difference in the required configuration when [interactive render modes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/render-modes?view=aspnetcore-8.0#enable-support-for-interactive-render-modes) are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root cause for this is a difference in the required configuration when using [interactive render modes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/render-modes?view=aspnetcore-8.0#enable-support-for-interactive-render-modes).
```

> .NET 8.0 introduces [new render modes for the Blazor components](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/render-modes?view=aspnetcore-8.0). It is required that the `TelerikRootComponent` is placed in a layout page (e.g. `MainLayout.razor`) that has interactive mode enabled. At the time of writing,the default render mode is `Static` and not interactive, so you need to make this change explicitly in your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET 8.0 introduces [new render modes for the Blazor components](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/render-modes?view=aspnetcore-8.0). The `TelerikRootComponent` must be placed in a layout page (e.g. `MainLayout.razor`) with enabled interactive mode. At the time of writing, the default render mode is `Static` and not interactive, so you need to make this change explicitly in your app.
```

> Here are two options to go ahead with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are two possible options to proceed:
```

> * Set the render mode for the whole app as suggested in the [Blazor documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/render-modes?view=aspnetcore-8.0#set-the-render-mode-for-the-entire-app). This will save you specifying the render mode in every page and component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the render mode for the whole app as suggested in the [Blazor documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/render-modes?view=aspnetcore-8.0#set-the-render-mode-for-the-entire-app). This will spare the need to set the render mode in every page and component.
```

> * Set the render mode for the specific pages and components - this is useful if you want to have different render modes. In this case, make sure that the `TelerikRootComponent` is placed in a component hierarchy that has interactive render mode. See the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set interactive render mode for specific pages and components. This is useful if you want to have different render modes in the app. In this case, make sure that the `TelerikRootComponent` is placed in a component hierarchy that has interactive render mode. See the example below:
```
```suggestion
* Set the render mode for the specific pages and components - this is useful if you want to have different render modes. In this case, make sure that the `TelerikRootComponent` is placed in a component hierarchy that has interactive render mode. See the example below:
```

> ````MainLayout.razor

Author: ```suggestion
<div class="skip-repl"></div>

````MainLayout.razor
```
